Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, I have some good news to tell y'all.
In our live prayer session yesterday and the one before, I've done three videos over the last couple of days.
And over the course of the time, Braden told me, he said, "We've had on this channel alone, 1,218 salvations.
" I was just like, "Wow.
" The Lord said He was bringing a stronger anointing for the unsaved to bring in the lost.
And He told us we're going to start fishing with nets now.
You know, it's happening.
It's exciting.
I just go, "Lord, this is too cool.
" Look at what this YouTube channel is doing, all for the glory of God.
I just want to tell y'all thank you, because it's people like you that come on here and pray with me and pray for the lost.
You're clicking the like button.
You're clicking subscribe.
You're clicking the notification bells.
You're commenting something down below.
Not all of you do, but at least 10% of you almost do.
And I just want to say thank you.
I know some people don't like to comment, but I just want to say those help.
You don't realize on YouTube, that's how the system works here.
When they want to see who's interested in your videos, they won't promote you and let new viewers see you unless they see that they're going to make ad revenue.
Because every time you're watching the video, if they're not making money on me, they go, "Hey, we're not promoting this guy.
" So if they see that people are interested, they'll let me be in a bigger pool of people through the algorithm.
So, it's exciting because you coming and staying around and clicking those bells, they go, "Hm, this guy actually has an audience.
" Even if they don't like what I'm saying, the bottom line is it's about money with the people, and that's the world.
If it's not making money, they don't promote it.
So, I just want to say thank you.
Thank you from the bottom of our hearts.
We want to say thank you.
And I know Jesus says thank you, too, because we're getting people saved.
1,218.
This channel alone, not all the other six.
We have South Korea, Japan, China, all of them.
And we give all the glory to Jesus.
Braden said, "I didn't even count the salvations on those channels, Dad.
" So, it probably is over 2,000 with all those.
So, I just wanted to say thank you all.
Thank you.
It's exciting to be part of the end-time harvest.
We're the reapers.
We're bringing in the lost one soul at a time, but now it's not just one fish at a fishing pole.
We're doing it by the net loads.
And I just went, "Golly, Lord.
" I remember as a young man praying in those bathrooms as I was cleaning as a janitor, saying, "God, if You can use me, use me.
If I can do something to help bring in the lost, help me.
I'll do it.
I'll do whatever it takes.
" And that's what it's been.
And that's why I was telling you all to go back to the awe of God, John Bevere's book.
Some people, because you've been in this so long, you lose that passion, the drive for relationship with Jesus.
And it's all about relationship with Jesus.
If you follow Jesus and you do it with all your heart, and you lean not unto your own understanding, but in all thy ways you acknowledge Him, He said He'd direct your path.
He said He would.
And that's exactly what He's doing for me.
I didn't want to come on YouTube, but just think about all these people that got saved.
And I thought, we would have never known.
Who knows?
I pray somebody else would have reached them.
But the people that God assigns you to help, maybe you're the only one that they'll listen to.
Maybe.
Who knows?
But at this moment, at this time, God called us for such a time as this.
And so, we're excited about the video yesterday, the live stream.
I feel like it was successful with the turnout of people praying against the tsunamis, because the Lord said, "If you pray...
" I saw angel armies coming and standing on the western seashore of California, and we didn't have any major damage.
He said, "Send them down to Hawaii.
" And I don't think we had any major damage there, or in Alaska or anything.
Japan, I don't even think they had any real major damage from the tsunami.
But for as large as this earthquake was, I believe it should have caused some major damage, but I don't think it did.
But the Lord told me, He said, "There will be things that you will not stop.
You need to have your boat ready.
You need to know what the Spirit of the Lord is telling you.
For when these things come, great shaking to awaken, you're going to see.
" And He talked about the earthquake last night that again happened in the water outside of Oregon, by Portland.
He said, "Pray over this area.
Pray over Seattle.
Pray over British Columbia, for a major earthquake is about to take place and you must pray.
" I saw 30,000 people perish during this.
Now, can we stop that in prayer?
I believe we can.
There's a lot of people we can pray for so that they'll not be in harm's way.
I saw just in British Columbia alone, 30,000 people die during that earthquake with buildings falling on them and stuff.
It was bad, with the tsunamis and all the things.
This is what the Lord is warning us about.
The other part that the Lord warned us about last night...
If you remember, He told us, He said, "Brandon, I want you to go over that there'll be many people starting to go home.
For judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
" And it's not just about the preacher behind the stage that is messing around on his wife or husband or whatever is going on.
It's about the whole body, for He said the seed time and harvest is accelerating.
This is what we talked about.
He said seed time and harvest is accelerating.
Brandon, what He warned me, He said, "What you sow, you're going to reap.
" As we see the time frame and the acceleration of things happen, as the time frame is becoming shorter and shorter, as the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
As we see the ark door closing, you can barely see it, but you know that we're on the verge of something huge.
The raindrops are just starting to hit our foreheads.
I know it's not going to rain again this time and we're not going to have a major flood.
He said, "I won't judge you by water again, but it will be by fire.
" A major fire is going to judge the earth next time.
Right?
Because that's what the Bible tells us.
But we are in that day, as the days of Noah.
We're in it right now.
And there are many of you that are living a compromising lifestyle, and you're living in sin, and you've been a believer your whole life.
You feel like it's okay.
"You know what?
I'm just a little lukewarm.
It's all right.
" But the more you allow sin in, the sin will keep you longer than you want to stay, and make you pay more than you want to pay.
I remember this lady named Annette used to tell me that all the time.
"You better not be sinning, boy.
It'll make you pay more than you want to pay and make you stay more than you want to stay.
" She'd always tell me that.
I forget the rest of it, but I remember it made me not want to pay more.
I don't want to pay nobody nothing.
I told God, "Okay, God, I don't want to pay the devil nothing.
" That's what I was saying.
The devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
So, what I'm trying to tell you all is, as the Lord keeps warning me to tell y'all, Lot didn't know when a major event was about to happen.
It took Abraham interceding for him to send the angels.
If you're in Sodom and Gomorrah, if you're in a place of compromise and you're not hearing God for yourself, Lot didn't hear God for himself.
He had to have an intercessor pray for him.
And that's what this channel's here for.
You're here not by coincidence, but for a purpose, just like all the people who got born again in the last couple of days.
You're here for a purpose.
And I want you to really examine your heart every single time you come on this platform.
But that's why the Lord brought up the awe of God to me.
He said, "There's many people that have lost their passion, their first love.
Go back to the basics of the ABCs of where you fell in love with Jesus, where you fell in love with becoming that fire of being on fire for Jesus and having a passion about being a Christian.
You want to tell everybody, 'I got born again today.
' Why?
Because it was something new to you.
But as time goes, the newness wears off, sin tries to creep back in, things get hard, and you go, 'Man, I don't know.
' You just go, 'You know, sometimes I pray, sometimes I don't.
I may read my Bible every once in a while.
I'll check into Brandon because I think he's kind of interesting.
'" That's what the Lord told me.
He said, "Make prayer fun again, Brandon, for a lot of people have lost their way in prayer.
" This is what my channel is about: to lead people back to the foot of Jesus and tell them they've got what it takes to do it.
Don't let the discouragement of life, the bombardment of all of the trials and the tests and the hardships of things make you weary in well-doing.
But I'm telling you, Jesus has some new wind for your wings today.
He wants you to come unto Him, all ye that are heavy laden, and He will give you rest.
Jesus wants to love on you today.
He's not mad at you.
He's there just like the prodigal son.
The father was waiting with his arms wide open with a robe and ready to kill the fatted calf.
And for the vegans that don't want to eat the fatted calf, a good vegetable bowl.
But either way, God has something good for you.
And I'm telling you, it's time to know that Jesus has a plan for your life.
And it's not to harm you, it's not to hurt you.
He's here to love on you.
You're here not by coincidence—I've said that—but because Jesus has a plan for your life.
And so I tell you all this because I have an urgency.
I have an urgency to tell you.
There's many people that are going to start going home, elders and old souls, and you're going to go, "Where in the world?
What happened with this?
" Hollywood—it's going to rain on the just and the unjust.
Seed time and harvest accelerating on the just and the unjust.
It's not just about the church, but judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
But you're going to see it on the world, too.
Bad politicians, corrupt Hollywood stars, musicians playing—you're going to see the unlikely.
You're going to go, "What in the world is going on?
Who went home?
" And it's not by a plague.
It'll just be like crazy stuff, you know?
So, I want you to get your heart right with the Lord.
And I don't try to scare you; I try to prepare you.
I warned you about the war.
And this was a major topic on our video last night of the Lord warning us about Zelensky and provoking the bear.
The Lord said, "Don't strongarm the bear.
President Trump, be cautious of how you handle the bear with care.
Handle the bear with care.
" Remember that.
And I saw an escalation of war.
And I saw key leaders in the EU wanting war, war, war—an escalation because of money driving the economy.
And I saw Canada's prime minister involved in this.
And I saw Alberta oil trying to get stability in the Canadian economy because the Canadian economy is in bad shape, the Lord showed me.
And then I saw Mount Fuji explode.
And the Lord said it would be the equivalent of a major atomic blast—huge.
This was a massive, destructive event.
And when this happened, I saw Japan's economy crumble because of this natural disaster that's about to take place.
And it happened suddenly.
And it happened like nobody...
I don't know if they anticipated it or not, but most of the civilians worked and they were like walking around like every day, and all of a sudden, it was like somebody just set something off.
The snow cap was completely decimated.
That's how big this blast was; it was like it was just leveled.
So I don't know what would cause that other than just a major eruption in a volcano, but this was something that was of biblical proportions for what I saw coming to Japan.
Now I saw the island divided into two.
I saw major tsunami waves coming inland.
I saw major tsunami waves.
I saw a major mile-wide volcano in the water outside of Oregon about to go off.
I saw all of the coastline of Alaska on fire from some kind of natural gas or something coming up out of the ground.
I don't know what happened.
I don't want to add to or take away from anything that I see, but for some reason, everything was on fire from British Columbia all the way up to Alaska.
The whole coastline was on fire.
Now, I don't understand why, but it was very interesting because it went far in.
Then the Lord warned us yesterday about a major drought and a very hot summer for Australia.
I know you're not in your summer months, but the Lord told me you must pray for rain.
For I even saw kangaroos and cattle not having enough water, places of ponds and cisterns of water drying up.
I saw cracks upon the soil so big, like huge cracks from the water vapor not being there anymore.
He showed me the Sydney Opera House, and I know that I saw it was hot, and you know, whenever you see the waves of heat coming up from the ground, I saw it all upon the land.
And so I pray for an outpouring of the spirit of the Holy Ghost, not only for the natural rain, but because we see this weather manipulation.
Remember I told you it would be so dry and there would be such a drought in one place, and there'll be great rains that are just flooding in another.
It will be so bad and so much drought, and within a couple of ten miles, a hundred miles, it will be so much rain that there'll be the most colossal floods we've ever seen.
And I saw major snowstorms—snowstorms to bury a house, huge snowstorms.
And it would happen within just like that, and you have to dig your way out, and people will die because they're too cold and they can't get out of their houses because there's so much snow.
It happens so suddenly, downbursts of snow coming so much so that, like I said, you won't be able to dig your way out.
It was incredible, the things I've seen, and hurricanes with hurricane-force winds—like straight-line winds—that will exceed anything that's ever been on this earth before.
And He said, "As they try to control the weather, they will lose control in the days ahead.
" He warned us about this.
And He told me about a shaking in finances, shakings in politics, and all these things.
I tried to recap a little bit for y'all, but the main thing I saw...
And then I saw revival in Africa, a major revival coming from Africa.
And I could hear them singing and I could hear the revival coming to Africa.
But I was more concerned even when I saw Australia not wanting to get involved with this war because it was trying to escalate out of control.
And I saw North Korea in the shadows.
And I saw Cuba.
And the Lord warned me about these two places: North Korea and Cuba.
He said, "Watch Cuba.
" I don't know how many times He's told us to watch Cuba and pray about Cuba.
Moves in the night, darkness.
And I saw North Korea again.
And the Lord keeps warning us about it.
So, I'm excited about where we are in these end times, I really am.
I talked to Sister Billy.
She said, "In our prayer time," she goes, "They have prayer on Wednesdays.
" She said, "In our prayer time," he said, "We're a minute away.
We're just right there.
Jesus is standing at the door.
There are things that are about to take place, folks, that we've never seen before, but we're about to go home soon.
Jesus is coming soon.
" And I have my eyes looking at him, and I'm telling you I have an anticipation in my heart for major things to take place for the body of Christ.
So I just keep myself right and go back to the awe of God.
That's why the Lord said, "Read John Bevere's book.
Read that book, the first three or four chapters of it, and really try to get that down inside of you.
" You may not have time to read all of it, but just read the first four chapters and really meditate on it and soul-search.
Check yourself and say, "God, am I right before you?
Is my heart right before you?
Do I fear you?
Do I have reverence for you?
Is my wood wet?
Am I on fire for you?
Is my lamp full of oil today?
" That's what I have to ask you all.
Is your lamp full of oil today?
Does Jesus know you?
You say, "I know a lot about Jesus.
" But remember what he said: "You prophesied in my name.
You laid hands on the sick in my name.
You raised the dead.
You cast out devils.
You did all these things.
But depart from me.
I never knew you.
" That's a very scary place to be.
And a lot of people don't preach that.
They don't talk about it.
What was Jesus talking about?
"You did all these things in my name, but depart from me, I never knew you.
" Was your lamp full of oil that day?
Do you try to keep it full?
Well, "How do I do that, brother Brandon?
" By seeking him.
He said, "Those that seek me will find me.
Those that knock, the door will be opened unto them.
" Seeking him, reading the Bible, praying, fellowshipping with him, singing songs, making—it says, "Be instant in season, out of season, praying in the spirit, lifting up holy hands with worship, doing all that it takes to have a relationship with Jesus every single day.
" Father, I know it's not about works.
It's about grace.
And he said in his word, it's something you don't deserve and something you can't earn.
Grace is something that is very important.
It's the foundation of salvation.
By grace, you're saved through faith.
And so, I want to encourage you.
You don't have to be perfect, but we try to strive to be just like him every single day.
Does that make sense, what I'm saying?
We are all a work in progress, but we're not trying to live like the world.
"Well, you know, I like going out and having parties and doing all these things and, you know, Jesus—the grace is there.
" It didn't give you a free will to be a fool and sin.
"Well, I'm going to go to the strip club and look at the girls dancing on the pole, and I'm going to go out and have fun with my friends, and we'll go out and do all this stuff," and people get mad at me.
I get the emails.
"Oh, I don't tell my teenagers.
My teenagers watch you and they like going out to the clubs and having fun with their friends," and I've been told off by them.
I said, "Shame on you for saying that's okay for your kid.
" "Well, they have to have freedom.
" Like, okay, I don't know how to tell you how stupid you really are.
I don't mean to be rude, but I don't know how to tell you how stupid you really are.
You don't know when he's coming.
You don't know.
And is your lamp full?
Five virgins had their lamps full and five didn't.
And as the bridegroom was coming, they said, "Oh my goodness, we better go get our lamps full of oil.
" But it was too late.
It's a day-to-day process.
You think, "Well, I'm going to go fill mine whenever I see him coming and I hear the trumpet blowing.
I'm going to start praying in tongues so I get my lamp full of oil.
" All of a sudden, you see everybody going up and they're getting taken in a blink of an eye.
They're going whoop and you're going, "Oh, I got to pray in tongues so I get my lamp full of oil.
" Oh, it's too late.
You waited too late.
Is it worth it staying on fire?
He said, "I'd rather you be hot or cold, but if you're lukewarm, I spew you out of my mouth.
" Either you're all in or you're not.
Either you're a believing believer or you're not.
But we're in the last of the last days, ladies and gentlemen.
And as labor pains upon a woman, so will it be.
As we step into August now, August, we are just 30-some days away from September.
And the Lord told me September will be the month to remember for acceleration in the spirit realm, an acceleration in the spirit.
Now, what does that mean?
September, a month to remember, an acceleration of things from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah.
He said, "Get ready.
You're going to start to see things you never saw as labor pains.
You're going to see it.
It's the position of push.
No more labor pains.
The baby's here.
It's time.
Push.
" Are you excited about him coming?
Are you like—because I hear some people say, "Well, the rapture of the church is not convenient.
The catching away of the church is not really convenient for people who want to have a marriage, who want to go out and have a life.
It's very invasive.
" But I'm telling you, there's nothing this world has to offer when you've seen the things I've seen about the glory and you see the other side, like the portal that I saw with sister Lucy praying.
There is nothing on this earth that can compare to the glory of God and what we will feel on the other side.
We have just a little bit of a—like a thimbleful, maybe just maybe a little eraser-head capful of something we do on this channel, and we experience a little bit of something and we drink from that little thimble thing.
"Oh, that was some good glory.
Lord, my cup runneth over.
" He didn't say my thimbleful, but your cup will runneth over.
Do you understand?
It's time.
I want a 50-gallon barrel full of the Holy Ghost and fire, and I'm going to try to just take it and dump it on me.
I want to be in the splash zone.
That's what I was talking about.
Being at Shamu and being at SeaWorld and you see that big Shamu go out there, and everybody wants to sit way up at the back because they don't want to get wet by Shamu.
And sometimes he's up there and he just goes into that water, and those people—if they have their hair all messed up, they got a wig on or something and their hair's dripping off and they're trying to fix themselves, and their makeup's running down their face and they're going, "Oh my gosh, what just happened?
" I want to get messy.
Do you understand?
I want to get wasted in Jesus.
Let's have fun.
That's why he said, "Make prayer fun again for these young people.
" "Brandon, they're so used to religion.
" Nothing I ever do, I hope, on this channel is religion, ever.
It's all about relationship.
Now, I get a lot of hate from a lot of big other people.
And one of—don't name names—the prophetic guys I talked to, like I said, I don't like to name names, drop names, you know, like drop your name card, "Yo, everybody's like, 'Oh, look who I talked to.
'" Yeah, I don't get on all that celebrity crap.
Listen, I talked to one, though.
It was a really fun conversation, and I said, "You know, I don't get a lot of big-name people like that say, 'Hey, we want to talk to you.
' I get a lot of the sheep, they love you, but the bigger people, they kind of hold me at an arm's length.
" And he said, "Brandon, because what the Lord showed me," he said, "because you see their mess and they don't want you calling them out on it.
They hold you that way because you have great discernment and you walk in a very strong anointing, Brandon.
" And he goes, "And there's a lot of people walking in a lot of compromise these days.
" I said, "That made me feel good, but not too much.
" You know, that's terrible.
But at the same time, my job is never to embarrass anybody by what I see, because I see some stuff.
And 99% of the time, I don't say anything to anyone about what I see on them.
If the Lord reveals it to me, it's a gift.
It flows.
It's a cloak.
I feel it come on me.
But He has an opinion about everybody.
What does God say about you to other people who walk with a gifting?
Is your lamp full?
Presence has an atmosphere.
You carry a presence.
And when you're filled with the Holy Ghost, you know when you come in contact with somebody else who has presence.
You know when they have presence.
You know when they have something going on, maybe with alcohol addiction, pornography, anger issues, or depression issues.
You just know because it's a presence, and their presence overflows.
You can feel it.
Does that make sense?
What's in you is an overflow.
I want it so much so that the overflow of me is His fragrance.
And when I walk in a room, people know, especially if they have a gift.
I told you, because your presence, your full will fight.
It's like Brother Billy Burke always told me: your full will fight for you.
Your full will fight for you.
What is your full saying?
What's coming out of you in your greatest level of fullness?
What do people see about you?
What do they discern about you?
And that's why I thought it was interesting when I talked to that other person.
They said, 'You don't even realize because you become so accustomed to what you walk in.
' But I'm telling you all, it's not about me.
I'm going to always tell you this: it's not about me.
But I want you to check yourself, not for me, but for Him.
What does the Holy Spirit say about you?
Fill yourself up so that you don't think you're hiding something.
Search me and know me.
Just like David said, 'Search me and know me.
Change me, God.
Give me a pure heart.
Cleanse me.
Make me have a pure heart before You.
' But I'm saying, what does it say about your heart?
What is in abundance in your heart?
Because out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks, but what I'm trying to say is that out of the overflow of who you are, the atmosphere speaks.
Does that make sense?
It's what you carry.
Are you a person full of strife?
Are you a person full of gossip?
Are you a person full of insecurity?
There are things I work on every day, y'all.
I'm not saying I'm perfect, but I try to work on these things because I want to make sure I'm going from glory to glory.
I don't always want to come on here and pray and keep you all afternoon.
You know, the last two videos were like two hours each.
So, I know you have other things to do other than watch Brandon on the internet, but I just wanted to come on and do a little bit of a recap for you, kind of talk about some things and tell you I'm excited about what Jesus is doing, tell you we love you, and give you some encouragement today to keep that awe of God, the refreshing inside of you, to go back to the ABCs, reading books, and stirring yourself up so that you don't let your wood get wet and let the fire go out.
We've got to keep the gasoline, the kindling, and the logs on our fire in these last days because the world will try to put it out.
They come by with their big old 50-gallon bucket of water trying to put our Holy Ghost fire out.
'But this little light of mine, I'm going to let...
' I'm just a little candle.
I want an inferno!
But you go, little candle: 'This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine.
This little light of mine...
' And you're looking around and you're going, 'I'm going to let it shine.
' I don't want that.
I want to be a great big Holy Ghost fire so they go, 'Ouch!
We can't get too close to it because we're going to singe ourselves.
' Like Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego.
When the soldiers tried to throw them in there, they all went in there and got burned up.
But guess who didn't?
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego.
But who was the fourth man?
You know what I'm saying?
That's what I'm talking about.
Who's the fourth man?
He's with Brandon!
Woo!
All those soldiers, the fire burned them up because they heated the furnace even hotter.
But what happens when the fire around us gets hotter, and people try to put out your fire and all these things?
We see all this stuff.
I just want to be on fire for Jesus.
Be instant in season and out of season.
'No, I'm sorry, brother, I was out.
Please, can you pray for me?
I know you go to my church.
My family member just died.
They're in the hospital, and I got the other one.
Would you please pray for him?
' 'I just went out to the bar and I just drank, you know, all this, and I'm a little tipsy right now.
Let me sober up and we'll go pray for your family member.
' No.
'I'm sorry, I just went and have been looking at porn all afternoon.
I don't have time to go and pray for your family.
I don't even know if God would hear me if I did right now because I've been looking at dirty stuff all day.
' Seriously, do you get what I'm trying to tell y'all?
Evaluate yourself.
Don't allow the devil to have one inch in your life because somebody's going to need you sometime.
I've got myself full of fire.
Are you ready?
Let's go!
'Hey, Brandon, my mom is sick,' or whoever.
'Can you come and pray?
Can you...
' Yes, we're laying hands, praying.
We're interceding.
We're breaking out in tongues.
We're taking communion.
But I know that even on my best day, my righteousness is as filthy rags.
Even what I told you about my dog getting raised, I have to go back to that.
But the point was, I wasn't practicing sin then.
I just lost it at that time.
Does that make sense?
I wasn't going out saying, 'Well, Diana, let's go to the club.
' No, I had a flesh fart.
I freaked out for that moment.
But I don't practice that, and I don't live that way.
Does that make sense?
I don't make it a habit to freak out and flesh out and go, 'The guy cut me off on the road.
' I practice temperance, patience, kindness, and goodness.
That's what I try to do, but you know, sometimes you mess up.
I have to say that there's a big difference between when you deliberately act stupid and when we just have a bad day, you know?
But God's grace is sufficient for all of it, and we just turn back and say, 'God, forgive us.
' Does it make sense?
But I want to be that person who is filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost in these last days, so that if they need to call me, I'm going to be ready to pray.
And that's what I pray for you all today.
Did this bless you?
I hope it did.
I want to encourage you, to stir you up.
So, Father, I just thank You, Lord, for every single person who's here today that comes to support this channel on a regular basis.
Father, we lift them up before You.
We thank You, Lord, that You're fanning the flame that's inside of them.
Father, not only is it just with some kindling, but, Father, You're putting some Holy Ghost gasoline on that person.
And, Father, there is a fire that's raging on, and it's not a flash in the pan.
It burns hot.
We've got some paper, we've got all kinds of wood on there, and that fire is going to be a major fire burning on the inside of them in these last days.
I thank You, Father, that You've called them—women, children, men, old, doesn't matter.
It's all hands on deck.
You've called them for such a time as this.
And, Father, I thank You, Lord, for every single person that's watching this video right now.
Father, we call them stirred up from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
That they're drinking out of that living water.
They're eating that spiritual food and they are becoming spiritual giants in the land, Father.
That they're not looking down and going, "Well, you know what?
I don't know.
Sometimes God does and sometimes he doesn't.
" No, we're believing that God is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him.
And, Father, we can have whatever things we desire when we pray.
We believe that we receive them and we shall have them.
And if we knock, the door will be open unto us.
He's not going, "Sometimes I do, sometimes I don't.
" He's a God that is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him.
And, Father, I thank you, Lord, for you are our rewarder.
You're our ever-present help in a time of need.
You said in your word, Father, that we can ask anything, anything.
Nothing's too big and nothing's too small.
Jesus paid the price for it all.
And I believe, Father, for healing and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory will be on these people's lives as they go into this weekend, as they go into the weeks ahead.
Father, that this will be a time like they've never seen before of financial breakthrough, of marriage breakthrough, of their children wayward coming home, wives, daughters, sons, it doesn't matter.
Jesus, I thank you, Lord, that you're touching them at the point of their need.
Whatever they need today, God, I believe with them.
I'm agreeing and touching with them that this is coming to pass and that the expiration date of what they're believing for is coming today in Jesus' name.
I thank you that you are the God of the breakthrough and that you are El Elyon, the most high God, Jehovah Jireh.
You will provide all I need in Jesus' name.
And I call their finances blessed in the city, in the field, coming in and going out.
That this will be a time like they've never seen before, of great acceleration, of spiritual growth, of financial blessing, and of healing and demonstrations of the glory in their life.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're not bound by any addictions.
They're not bound by any pain.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you've come to set the captives free.
And for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And everybody say, "Amen and amen.
" Are you free today?
Say, "Amen.
" I believe it.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And that's you today.
I believe you're free.
And there's an expiration date to your problems.
It's time to believe for what was impossible to now become possible in your life.
Do you believe it?
God's a God of overflow.
He's not like this little cup.
No, God's a big bottle God.
We got a big bottle of water.
It's not a little; we've got cases of it.
But I'm saying, look at what God is doing.
He's not just a little thimbleful.
He's an overflow God.
And I'm telling you, it's time to believe him for overflow.
God bless you all today.
I hope this encouraged you today, I truly do, because we love you and we want you to know that Jesus loves you and he has a plan for your life.
It is to prosper and to have a good expected future, to live long and finish strong, not barely get by.
So we always tell you to subscribe and all those things—I already talked about that earlier, but thank you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.